[docs] Add recipe showing how to remove cell focus outline (#10843)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/recipes-styling/recipes-styling.md

# Data Grid - Styling recipes

<p class="description">Advanced grid styling recipes.</p>

> ## Remove header outlines on `focus`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Remove cell focus outline
```

> As an actionable element the header cells provide the user with a visible `focus` state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data grid cells are actionable elements and visually indicate the `focus` state by default.
You can remove the focus outline by overriding the `:focus` and `:focus-within` styles for the cells and header cells.
```

> :::info
> Removing the visible `focus` state from the header cell will reduce the accessibility of your data grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning
Removing the visible `focus` state hurts the accessibility of the grid.
```
